docs: update docs for zkfp (#401)
succinctlabs/op-succinct: book/fault_proofs/deploy.md

| `AGGREGATION_VKEY` | Verification key for aggregation | `0x...` |
| `RANGE_VKEY_COMMITMENT` | Commitment to range verification key | `0x...` |

#### Getting the Rollup Config Hash, Aggregation VKEY, and Range VKEY Commitment

First, create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:
```bash
L1_RPC=<L1_RPC_URL>
L1_BEACON_RPC=<L1_BEACON_RPC_URL>
L2_RPC=<L2_RPC_URL>
L2_NODE_RPC=<L2_NODE_RPC_URL>
```

Then run the following command to get the Rollup Config Hash:
```bash
cargo run --bin fetch-rollup-config-hash
```

> You can get the Aggregation VKEY, and Range VKEY Commitment by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the aggregation program verification key, and range program verification key commitment by running the following command:
```
